Data Privacy Policy

Our website may be used without entering personal information.
Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below.
We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.)
in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal
if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection
may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG).
The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for
collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider.

Noah Seefried und Moritz Fromm

dev@noah-seefried.de

Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection
against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.

Server Data

For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your device transmits to us or to our provider (so called server log files), is collected:

- type and version of the browser you use 
- operating system  
- date and time of your visit 
- your Hostname
- your Internet Protocol (IP) address

This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided,
thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person.

Contacting Us

On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form.
In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user.
No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information
that may be collected by other components of our website.

Information/Cancellation/Deletion

On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions
relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request
the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent.
Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted,
where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.